Td blueprint fsm v1 - fix https://github.com/Vantiq/Blueprints/issues/12 (#21)
Vantiq/Blueprints: Field Service Management/README.md

*	A process/workflow for handling open tickets and Workorders. 
*	Security Profiles that provide ACL based security for users. 

If you need assistance with getting started, please contact VANTIQ's technical support team at support@vantiq.com .

> Note: To get the full effect at runtime in the ServiceDesk client Work Orders detail page, you need to accommodate
> after import the referenced CSS custom asset public/status/status_image_flow.css to match your namespace at runtime

Reviewer: might rephrase this
```suggestion
Note: To get the full effect at runtime in the ServiceDesk client Work Orders detail page, after import you need to update
the referenced CSS custom asset public/status/status_image_flow.css to match your namespace name.
```

e.g. replace here for 'background : url' referenced namespace 'br_acmeWater' in between 'NS' and 'status' properties
with 'my_fsmblueprint_ns' at these 10 positions :

/* To use CSS - change the namespace name and folder where images are uploaded. Update 'left' positions. */
#list_image {

>                 background : url(../ui/docs/NS/br_acmeWater/status/list_image.png) no-repeat;

Reviewer: in the checked-in code, these are all `FieldServiceManagement`    (and update `br_acmeWater` in lines above & below this)
```suggestion
                background : url(../ui/docs/NS/FieldServiceManagement/status/list_image.png) no-repeat;
```
